# Assignment1

Project Name: 30MFF Website Social Media: The True Controllers of Our Mind

Project Description: What is the project, what is the overall concept and theme, and what kind of experience you were striving to create.

This project consists of creating a website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript that promotes a movie created by students. The website represents the concept of the movie and demonstrates the student's understanding of using the three programs to create a website. The movie tells the story of a young couple that fights as a result of social media's control over what people say and think. My personal goal was to create a simple and unique website to represent the movie. I focused mainly on creating an easy-to-follow website that presented items in a clear way. 

Process: How did you go about implementing the concept

Mainly I tried to keep the website simple and easy to follow by implementing a simple layout and colors. The concept representing the movie also relates to a dark and cool mood while emphasizing the use of social media. This is why I chose those colors (blue to represent social media) instead of focusing on the relationship aspect of the movie. The dark and cool mood aimed to make the user feel the sad but true reality of our contemporary world. Social Media to some extent has invaded our lives and has deeply affected our privacy and security to the point that it is difficult to feel secure.

Reflection/Evaluation: This should bookend the initial concept and talk about whether your expectations and goals were met in the process of building the final working version.

At first, I think my initial expectations were set high because I did not expect HTML, CSS, and JS to be this complicated and hard to organize. I initially thought I would be able to make a very complex and good-looking website. However, I realized that working with HTML was more complicated. Still, compared to my expectations, I was proud of my final work because I think I got to learn a lot specifically about CSS. I think I also achieved to create a simple and unique website that is clear for the user to use. I implemented the color concept learned in class and tried to use a color palette that could match and make the website look better. I also implemented the use of Google Fonts which initially I was not clear about how to use. Also, I started searching for different ideas and functions in CSS and HTML to learn new things and implement them in my website. One main challenge I faced was the implementation of JS and understanding how it worked. Although I did include it in my final website, it took me more time to learn and correct errors that I could not create a complex and interesting interactivity item or items in my website. Another goal I did not meet was making the website look perfect which I failed to do because I had some errors in two of the pages where the layout and position of items did not work when resizing the screen. Overall, I was proud of the final work, specifically with the layout, because I think I did a good job implementing several features of the three programs to create a unique website.